If I could change one thing about my job, it would probably be training.
For example, as the SCL, we first come into this job sitting in the
seat, not knowing anything, especially for me, Someone who has never
been the S e l of a reserve center. If I could change one thing
about that, it would be the training. The training should start after,
uh, sitting in the seat. I believe that I should learn the job for
us or we should learn the job first and then send us to the training.
That way we would understand what the position is about. Um, I've
been at this SCL job for about two years now, and when I first came
on board, I went straight to training. I didn't understand what I
was learning, but now that I'm here, I feel that this would be a better
time for me to go to the training. So I understand the acronyms
that they use the words that they, uh and phrases that they use. So
for me, if I could do anything and and change anything about my job,
it will be the way we're trained to do the job